README.md, before:

AnorakPack
==========

AnorakPack is a minecraft modpack for advanced tech based gameplay.

The AnorakPack contains not just a large amount of mods for extensive tech based gameplay but 
also a collection of modifications to increase realism or just add nice things that make thing 
more immersive or a general better experience. This can include things like furniture or lighting 
mods but on the other hand mods that make mobs more dangerous or the environment more dynamic right 
down to even making ore's spawn more realistically in larger vains to promote exploration and a 
network of mines.

This modpack uses pakpak (http://github.com/Nekroze/pakpak) to automatically construct a modpack 
from a simple python script for easier management and a collection of components.

Due to the nature and goals of the AnorakPack it is unlikely that it will ever work well for a large 
public online server and is instead better used either single player, over a LAN or possibly with a 
small playerbase online. The reason for this is the large number of mods in the AnorakPack which change
a great many things by design. To limit the mod count purely to conform to the minority that may play 
with a large player base online would be damaging to the design of the AnorakPack. That being said every 
so often the entire mod list will be overviewed to ensure that each and every mod is useful and does not 
add more complexity (from a performance standpoint) then it is worth.

This pack is currently in a very early stage of development and is intended for purely private use. 
The AnorakPack repository contains information on how to configure a collection of this mods and nother more.

I do not publicly distribute any mods what so ever and thus do not conflict with any mod license. 
While the configuration of this modpack is designed for my own personal use and this repo to better 
manage it i see any inherent problem with other people correctly downloading the mods required to construct 
this modpack and doing so on their own.

Modlist
=======

 - [Animated Player](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1768057-152aesthetic-animated-player-fully-pixelized-hats-v120/)
 - [Applied Energistics](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1625015-152-applied-energistics-rv-10-n-stacking-the-unstackable/)
 - [BaMs Doubledoor](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/818831-152-bams-mods-now-also-for-147/)
 - [BiblioCraft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1680480-15xforgesmp-bibliocraft-v123-bookcases-armor-stands-shelves-printing-presses-redstone-books-and-more-updated-05152013/)
 - [Bspkrs Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1009577-152-daftpvfs-mods-treecapitator-ingameinfo-crystalwing-startinginv-floatingruins/)
 * >	[Status Effect HUD](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1009577-152-daftpvfs-mods-treecapitator-ingameinfo-crystalwing-startinginv-floatingruins/)
 * >	[Tree Capitator](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1009577-152-daftpvfs-mods-treecapitator-ingameinfo-crystalwing-startinginv-floatingruins/)
 - [Carpenter's Slope](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1790919-15forge-carpenters-slope-v125/)
 - [Chemcraft Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1801627-chemcraft-131/)
 * >	[Secure Craft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1808863-securecraft-110-protect-yourself-and-more/)
 * >	[Snow Fall](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1728758-snowfall-121-the-mod-that-makes-snow-pile-up/)
 - [Code Chicken Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/909223-147152-smp-chickenbones-mods/)
 * >	[Chicken Chunks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/909223-147152-smp-chickenbones-mods/)
 - [CoFH Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1773528-152-team-cofh-mods-thermal-expansion-2420-now-with-hd-skins-and-capes/)
 * >	[Omni Tools](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1773528-152-team-cofh-mods-thermal-expansion-2420-now-with-hd-skins-and-capes/)
 - [Computer Craft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/892282-152-computercraft-153-now-with-disco-floors/)
 * >	[Immibis Peripherals](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/3728-mc-125-cc-141-immibiss-peripherals/)
 * >	[Misc Peripherals](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/4587-cc153mc152-miscperipherals-33/)
 * >	[Open CC Sensors](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/4587-cc153mc152-miscperipherals-33/)
 * >	[Open Peripherals](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/13063-mc-152-cc-153-openperipheral/)
 * >	[Open XP](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/13042-cc-153-mc-152-openxp/)
 - [Coral Reef](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1106449-152151145etc-coral-reef-mod-updated-952013/)
 - [Custom LAN](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1572017-152-144-custom-lan-mod-lan-at-your-fingertips-modloader-forge-standalone-installer-available/)
 - [Dimensional Doors](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1650007-152universal-dimensional-doors-v136-i-was-asleep-in-that-class/)
 - [Dynamic Lights](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/184426-152-dynamic-lights-handheld-torches-moving-lightsources/)
 - [Dynmap](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1543523-dynmap-dynamic-web-based-maps-for-minecraft/)
 - [Enhanced Portals](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1301217-15x1st-apr-enhanced-portals-enhancedportals-2-beta-22nd-may-beta-2b/)
 - [Extra Biomes XL](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1090288-152-extrabiomesxl-3133/)
 - [Extra Doors](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1744901-152-151-extra-doors-more-doors-for-minecraft-forge5000dl/)
 - [Factorization](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1351802-151-factorization-0737/)
 - [Forge Backup](http://www.minecraftforge.net/forum/index.php?topic=4606.0)
 - [Gregs Lighting](http://www.cosc.canterbury.ac.nz/greg.ewing/minecraft/mods/GregsLighting/)
 - [Hangable Maps](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1461853-152forgesmphangable-mapsunofficialv152-1/)
 - [HUDini](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1555925-152-forge-hudini-anti-derp-suite/)
 - [iChunUtil](http://ichun.us/mods/ichun-util/)
 * >	[Portal Gun](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/199391-152smpforge-portal-gun-reconstructed-v1-rewritten-again/)
 - [Immibis Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1001131-152-immibiss-mods-smp-tubestuff-5501-core-5511-da-5500-infinitubes-5502-liquid-xp-5500-microblocks-5500/)
 - [Immibis MicroBlocks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1001131-152-immibiss-mods-smp-tubestuff-5501-core-5511-da-5500-infinitubes-5502-liquid-xp-5500-microblocks-5500/)
 - [Improved Mob Spawn](http://wuppy29.blogspot.nl/2012/09/improved-mob-spawn.html)
 - [Industrial Craft 2](http://wiki.industrial-craft.net/index.php?title=Main_Page)
 * >	[Advanced Repulsion Systems](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&postID=65261)
 * >	[Advanced Machines](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=4907)
 * >	[Advanced Power Management](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=7900)
 * >	[Advanced Solar Panels](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=3291)
 * >	[Compact Windmills](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=9205)
 * >	[Combo Armors](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=8861)
 * >	[Gravitation Suite](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=6915)
 - [Infernal Mobs](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1325911-152-atomicstrykers-infernal-mobs-diablo-style-modifiers/)
 - [Invasion](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/780480-152forge-invasion-mod-v0117-so-you-think-your-base-is-tough-do-you/)
 - [Inventory Tweaks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1720872-15x-inventory-tweaks-154-may-1/)
 - [Iron Chest](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/981855-15-and-up-forge-universalironchests-50-minecraft-15-update/)
 - [Jammy Furniture](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1098808-v44-151152-forge-smp-jammy-furniture-mod/)
 - [Minecraft Comes Alive](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/926757-152-sspsmp-minecraft-comes-alive-v335-25-languages-850000-downloads/)
 - [MineChem](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1734442-151minechem-3/)
 - [Mine Forever](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1675882-15-forge-oss-mineforever-020b-the-high-tech-security-mod-150-downloads/)
 - [Mo Creatures](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/81771-152-mo-creatures-v522-with-raccoons-ants-mini-golems-silver-skeletons-and-more-fish/)
 - [More Glowstone](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1810218-152forge-more-glowstone-mod-v10/)
 - [Mouse Tweaks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1518185-152-sspsmp-mouse-tweaks-12/)
 - [Multi Mine](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/485526-152-multi-mine-those-blocks-are-made-for-breakin/)
 - [Mutant Creatures](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1336132-152-spmp-mutant-creatures-mutant-enderman-v134/)
 - [Natura](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1753754-15xnatura/)
 - [Not Enough Items](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/909223-147152-smp-chickenbones-mods/)
 * >	[NEI Plugins](https://bitbucket.org/mistaqur/nei_plugins/wiki/Home)
 * >	[NEI Addons](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1803460-147151152-nei-addons-v171-with-forestry-2260-support/)
 - [Optifine](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/249637-152-optifine-hd-d3-fps-boost-hd-textures-aa-af-and-much-more/)
 - [Painter's Flower Pot](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1611327-15forge-painters-flower-pot-v156/)
 - [Power Crystals Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#pcc)
 * >	[Flat Bedrock](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#fb)
 * >	[Mine Factory Reloaded](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#mfr)
 * >	[Nether Ores](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#no)
 * >	[Power Converters](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#pc)
 - [Project Bench](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1550010-152sspsmp-project-bench-v175forge5000-downloads/)
 - [RailCraft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/701990-151-railcraft-7000-forge/)
 - [Rancraft Penguins](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/910095-152forge-rancraft-penguins-thirteen-species/)
 - [Rotten Flesh to Leather](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1833113-forge-152-rotten-flesh-to-leather/)
 - [Secret Rooms](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/546192-1521v460secretroomsmodsmpforge-hidden-trapped-chests/)
 - [Simply Horses](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1078787-151152-simply-horses-mod-alpha-062-bugfixes-and-textures/)
 - [Skull Forge](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1572189-152smplanforgeskullforge-v122/)
 - [Stalker Creepers](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1096447-152-stalker-creepers-now-fml-coremod/)
 - [Steves Carts 2](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/680276-15-steves-carts-2-v200a106/)
 - [Tinkers Construct](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1659892-15xtinkers-construct/)
 - [Turret Mod](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/562836-152-spmplan-turret-mod-v301/)
 - [Useful Food](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1378111-151152forge-usefulfood-142-craft-yourself-a-meal/)
 - [Useful Storage](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1298016-152-vanilla-with-sprinkles-mods-built-to-fit-closely-with-the-vanilla-game-last-updated-515/)
 - [Weather & Tornadoes](http://www.coros.us/mods/tornadoes)
 - [Wild Caves 3](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1554854-151152forge-wildcaves-3-v042/)
 - [Zans Minimap](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1116564-152-mamiyaotarus-mods-voxelmap-chatbubbles-autofarmer-etc/)
 - [Zombie Awareness](http://www.coros.us/mods/zombieawareness)

TODO
====

 - Message all mod authors for permissions
 - Review if turretmod is unbalancing
 - Update Modlist
 
Changelog
=========

Due to the highly experimental state of AnorakPack at this point the only changelog will be the git commit history until it becomes stable enough to do a real changelog.

Licensing
=========

I do not own any of the mods referenced by the AnorakPack and am only responsible for making minor compatability adjustments to the configuration files stored here.

Commit message:

Added Fluid Mechanics review to TODO list

README.md, after:

AnorakPack
==========

AnorakPack is a minecraft modpack for advanced tech based gameplay.

The AnorakPack contains not just a large amount of mods for extensive tech based gameplay but 
also a collection of modifications to increase realism or just add nice things that make thing 
more immersive or a general better experience. This can include things like furniture or lighting 
mods but on the other hand mods that make mobs more dangerous or the environment more dynamic right 
down to even making ore's spawn more realistically in larger vains to promote exploration and a 
network of mines.

This modpack uses pakpak (http://github.com/Nekroze/pakpak) to automatically construct a modpack 
from a simple python script for easier management and a collection of components.

Due to the nature and goals of the AnorakPack it is unlikely that it will ever work well for a large 
public online server and is instead better used either single player, over a LAN or possibly with a 
small playerbase online. The reason for this is the large number of mods in the AnorakPack which change
a great many things by design. To limit the mod count purely to conform to the minority that may play 
with a large player base online would be damaging to the design of the AnorakPack. That being said every 
so often the entire mod list will be overviewed to ensure that each and every mod is useful and does not 
add more complexity (from a performance standpoint) then it is worth.

This pack is currently in a very early stage of development and is intended for purely private use. 
The AnorakPack repository contains information on how to configure a collection of this mods and nother more.

I do not publicly distribute any mods what so ever and thus do not conflict with any mod license. 
While the configuration of this modpack is designed for my own personal use and this repo to better 
manage it i see any inherent problem with other people correctly downloading the mods required to construct 
this modpack and doing so on their own.

Modlist
=======

 - [Animated Player](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1768057-152aesthetic-animated-player-fully-pixelized-hats-v120/)
 - [Applied Energistics](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1625015-152-applied-energistics-rv-10-n-stacking-the-unstackable/)
 - [BaMs Doubledoor](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/818831-152-bams-mods-now-also-for-147/)
 - [BiblioCraft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1680480-15xforgesmp-bibliocraft-v123-bookcases-armor-stands-shelves-printing-presses-redstone-books-and-more-updated-05152013/)
 - [Bspkrs Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1009577-152-daftpvfs-mods-treecapitator-ingameinfo-crystalwing-startinginv-floatingruins/)
 * >	[Status Effect HUD](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1009577-152-daftpvfs-mods-treecapitator-ingameinfo-crystalwing-startinginv-floatingruins/)
 * >	[Tree Capitator](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1009577-152-daftpvfs-mods-treecapitator-ingameinfo-crystalwing-startinginv-floatingruins/)
 - [Carpenter's Slope](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1790919-15forge-carpenters-slope-v125/)
 - [Chemcraft Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1801627-chemcraft-131/)
 * >	[Secure Craft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1808863-securecraft-110-protect-yourself-and-more/)
 * >	[Snow Fall](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1728758-snowfall-121-the-mod-that-makes-snow-pile-up/)
 - [Code Chicken Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/909223-147152-smp-chickenbones-mods/)
 * >	[Chicken Chunks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/909223-147152-smp-chickenbones-mods/)
 - [CoFH Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1773528-152-team-cofh-mods-thermal-expansion-2420-now-with-hd-skins-and-capes/)
 * >	[Omni Tools](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1773528-152-team-cofh-mods-thermal-expansion-2420-now-with-hd-skins-and-capes/)
 - [Computer Craft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/892282-152-computercraft-153-now-with-disco-floors/)
 * >	[Immibis Peripherals](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/3728-mc-125-cc-141-immibiss-peripherals/)
 * >	[Misc Peripherals](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/4587-cc153mc152-miscperipherals-33/)
 * >	[Open CC Sensors](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/4587-cc153mc152-miscperipherals-33/)
 * >	[Open Peripherals](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/13063-mc-152-cc-153-openperipheral/)
 * >	[Open XP](http://www.computercraft.info/forums2/index.php?/topic/13042-cc-153-mc-152-openxp/)
 - [Coral Reef](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1106449-152151145etc-coral-reef-mod-updated-952013/)
 - [Custom LAN](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1572017-152-144-custom-lan-mod-lan-at-your-fingertips-modloader-forge-standalone-installer-available/)
 - [Dimensional Doors](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1650007-152universal-dimensional-doors-v136-i-was-asleep-in-that-class/)
 - [Dynamic Lights](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/184426-152-dynamic-lights-handheld-torches-moving-lightsources/)
 - [Dynmap](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1543523-dynmap-dynamic-web-based-maps-for-minecraft/)
 - [Enhanced Portals](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1301217-15x1st-apr-enhanced-portals-enhancedportals-2-beta-22nd-may-beta-2b/)
 - [Extra Biomes XL](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1090288-152-extrabiomesxl-3133/)
 - [Extra Doors](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1744901-152-151-extra-doors-more-doors-for-minecraft-forge5000dl/)
 - [Factorization](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1351802-151-factorization-0737/)
 - [Forge Backup](http://www.minecraftforge.net/forum/index.php?topic=4606.0)
 - [Gregs Lighting](http://www.cosc.canterbury.ac.nz/greg.ewing/minecraft/mods/GregsLighting/)
 - [Hangable Maps](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1461853-152forgesmphangable-mapsunofficialv152-1/)
 - [HUDini](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1555925-152-forge-hudini-anti-derp-suite/)
 - [iChunUtil](http://ichun.us/mods/ichun-util/)
 * >	[Portal Gun](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/199391-152smpforge-portal-gun-reconstructed-v1-rewritten-again/)
 - [Immibis Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1001131-152-immibiss-mods-smp-tubestuff-5501-core-5511-da-5500-infinitubes-5502-liquid-xp-5500-microblocks-5500/)
 - [Immibis MicroBlocks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1001131-152-immibiss-mods-smp-tubestuff-5501-core-5511-da-5500-infinitubes-5502-liquid-xp-5500-microblocks-5500/)
 - [Improved Mob Spawn](http://wuppy29.blogspot.nl/2012/09/improved-mob-spawn.html)
 - [Industrial Craft 2](http://wiki.industrial-craft.net/index.php?title=Main_Page)
 * >	[Advanced Repulsion Systems](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&postID=65261)
 * >	[Advanced Machines](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=4907)
 * >	[Advanced Power Management](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=7900)
 * >	[Advanced Solar Panels](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=3291)
 * >	[Compact Windmills](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=9205)
 * >	[Combo Armors](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=8861)
 * >	[Gravitation Suite](http://forum.industrial-craft.net/index.php?page=Thread&threadID=6915)
 - [Infernal Mobs](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1325911-152-atomicstrykers-infernal-mobs-diablo-style-modifiers/)
 - [Invasion](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/780480-152forge-invasion-mod-v0117-so-you-think-your-base-is-tough-do-you/)
 - [Inventory Tweaks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1720872-15x-inventory-tweaks-154-may-1/)
 - [Iron Chest](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/981855-15-and-up-forge-universalironchests-50-minecraft-15-update/)
 - [Jammy Furniture](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1098808-v44-151152-forge-smp-jammy-furniture-mod/)
 - [Minecraft Comes Alive](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/926757-152-sspsmp-minecraft-comes-alive-v335-25-languages-850000-downloads/)
 - [MineChem](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1734442-151minechem-3/)
 - [Mine Forever](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1675882-15-forge-oss-mineforever-020b-the-high-tech-security-mod-150-downloads/)
 - [Mo Creatures](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/81771-152-mo-creatures-v522-with-raccoons-ants-mini-golems-silver-skeletons-and-more-fish/)
 - [More Glowstone](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1810218-152forge-more-glowstone-mod-v10/)
 - [Mouse Tweaks](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1518185-152-sspsmp-mouse-tweaks-12/)
 - [Multi Mine](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/485526-152-multi-mine-those-blocks-are-made-for-breakin/)
 - [Mutant Creatures](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1336132-152-spmp-mutant-creatures-mutant-enderman-v134/)
 - [Natura](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1753754-15xnatura/)
 - [Not Enough Items](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/909223-147152-smp-chickenbones-mods/)
 * >	[NEI Plugins](https://bitbucket.org/mistaqur/nei_plugins/wiki/Home)
 * >	[NEI Addons](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1803460-147151152-nei-addons-v171-with-forestry-2260-support/)
 - [Optifine](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/249637-152-optifine-hd-d3-fps-boost-hd-textures-aa-af-and-much-more/)
 - [Painter's Flower Pot](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1611327-15forge-painters-flower-pot-v156/)
 - [Power Crystals Core](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#pcc)
 * >	[Flat Bedrock](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#fb)
 * >	[Mine Factory Reloaded](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#mfr)
 * >	[Nether Ores](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#no)
 * >	[Power Converters](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1629898-151152-powercrystals-mods-15-updates-are-here-rednet-logic-is-here-100-upvotes/#pc)
 - [Project Bench](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1550010-152sspsmp-project-bench-v175forge5000-downloads/)
 - [RailCraft](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/701990-151-railcraft-7000-forge/)
 - [Rancraft Penguins](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/910095-152forge-rancraft-penguins-thirteen-species/)
 - [Rotten Flesh to Leather](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1833113-forge-152-rotten-flesh-to-leather/)
 - [Secret Rooms](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/546192-1521v460secretroomsmodsmpforge-hidden-trapped-chests/)
 - [Simply Horses](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1078787-151152-simply-horses-mod-alpha-062-bugfixes-and-textures/)
 - [Skull Forge](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1572189-152smplanforgeskullforge-v122/)
 - [Stalker Creepers](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1096447-152-stalker-creepers-now-fml-coremod/)
 - [Steves Carts 2](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/680276-15-steves-carts-2-v200a106/)
 - [Tinkers Construct](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1659892-15xtinkers-construct/)
 - [Turret Mod](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/562836-152-spmplan-turret-mod-v301/)
 - [Useful Food](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1378111-151152forge-usefulfood-142-craft-yourself-a-meal/)
 - [Useful Storage](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1298016-152-vanilla-with-sprinkles-mods-built-to-fit-closely-with-the-vanilla-game-last-updated-515/)
 - [Weather & Tornadoes](http://www.coros.us/mods/tornadoes)
 - [Wild Caves 3](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1554854-151152forge-wildcaves-3-v042/)
 - [Zans Minimap](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1116564-152-mamiyaotarus-mods-voxelmap-chatbubbles-autofarmer-etc/)
 - [Zombie Awareness](http://www.coros.us/mods/zombieawareness)

TODO
====

 - Message all mod authors for permissions
 - Review if turretmod is unbalancing
 - Update Modlist
 - Evaluate need for Fluid Mechnics. May be redundant with mekanism and MFR pumps and mekanism tubes.
 
Changelog
=========

Due to the highly experimental state of AnorakPack at this point the only changelog will be the git commit history until it becomes stable enough to do a real changelog.

Licensing
=========

I do not own any of the mods referenced by the AnorakPack and am only responsible for making minor compatability adjustments to the configuration files stored here.
